Update storage-files-faq.md (#121964)
Azure/azure-content: articles/storage/files/storage-files-faq.md

    - The file existed in the Azure file share and server endpoint location prior to the server endpoint creation. If the file size and/or last modified time is different between the file on the server and Azure file share when the server endpoint is created, a conflict file is created.  
    - Sync database was recreated due to corruption or knowledge limit reached. Once the database is recreated, sync enters a mode called reconciliation. If the file size and/or last modified time is different between the file on the server and Azure file share when reconciliation occurs, a conflict file is created. 
  

>     Azure File Sync does not overwrite any files in your sync group. Instead, it uses a simple conflict-resolution strategy: we keep both changes to files that are changed in two endpoints at the same time. The most recently written change keeps the original file name. The older file (determined by LastWriteTime) has the endpoint name and the conflict number appended to the file name. For server endpoints, the endpoint name is the name of the server. For cloud endpoints, the endpoint name is **Cloud**. The name follows this taxonomy:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Once the initial upload to the Azure file share is complete, Azure File Sync doesn't overwrite any files in your sync group. Instead, it uses a simple conflict-resolution strategy: it keeps both changes to files that are changed in two endpoints at the same time. The most recently written change keeps the original file name. The older file (determined by LastWriteTime) has the endpoint name and the conflict number appended to the file name. For server endpoints, the endpoint name is the name of the server. For cloud endpoints, the endpoint name is **Cloud**. The name follows this taxonomy:
```
